Galaxy A10e: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you
Galaxy A10e: I'm good. I have a brand new phone.
Galaxy A10e: You do, yeah. Because the other phone just cut, cut. Now, and the Wi Fi kept going back and then saw he finally bought a new phone.
Galaxy A10e: You go, so I called you guys last week because I wasn't able to get ahold of anybody I'm to let them know I wouldn't be able to take, you know, beyond phone. And then, so now I'm calling you. I want chicken early because you to go do my survey early. I got to talk to my baby this morning.
Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: I got to do it on Skype. So it was awesome. We haven't been able to see the kids. Um, let's see.
Galaxy A10e: Or this is a fifth week but the for three weeks. I didn't get to see him at all. They said he was sick with a runny nose, and then, um,
Galaxy A10e: Last week or the week before last week. They said that he are going to see him on a Skype thing there with all the other kids were at the meeting with us. But, um, and then now there's no visitation whatsoever.
Galaxy A10e: So,
Galaxy A10e: A while for yeah I mean UNTIL WHENEVER so I texted my worker and said, I went to add to tread during the program. Third, the whole mental health building is shut down, but they gave me this packet that out in my vehicle that there is literally an NA group every hour.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, like you can go anywhere like anywhere. Every hour left you wake up at two o'clock in the morning and need a group, you can go to one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is awesome crazy. Yeah. That is awesome. Yeah, that's really good. We like that right you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know ability. Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Because anytime I need somebody like right then I could just instead of just pick up the phone.
Galaxy A10e: And not have to worry about Wi Fi and all that so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All that stuff. That's really good. You look good.
Galaxy A10e: Yes. And we got
Galaxy A10e: Up. Yeah, everything's going well i think i think you're like, everything comes in threes, whether it's death or, or, you know, pros or cons, I should say.
Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: And so, first it was all of a sudden we're approved. We got approved for a phone through rising. Which is weird, like totally where they use is broken ID.
Galaxy A10e: And it worked. And then I got I got goosebumps. And then we got approved for or he got a vehicle, a really nice vehicle for three payments of 500
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was really
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. You want to see it. It's beautiful.
Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: I am so excited. Like I feel like we like I have to buy new clothes vehicle.
Galaxy A10e: But
Like just feel
Galaxy A10e: So beautiful.
Galaxy A10e: Number, the old clunker and I had a clunker
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, you're like, are you living your people. Now, look at that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, nice.
Galaxy A10e: I know it's so brand new inside
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like, oh my gosh.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, it's beautiful. I'm gonna keep it so clean
Galaxy A10e: Are you happy. I'm very happy I got the car seats in it and everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: was so good. I know things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got. Go ahead. I was gonna say things are starting to turn around and look up, you know, to me,
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. Well, at first I was like good spread across like I was
Galaxy A10e: I don't know. I was just on the verge of a, I don't know. I want to see using or I was just on the verge of something, I don't know, but
Galaxy A10e: This morning
Galaxy A10e: Like everything switched because I got on the Skype app and try, I will have a seven year old. Oh my god, we have to hurry up with the Skype app on my phone.
Galaxy A10e: So I can see my baby. And then I went through everything and it said I had to. Oh, I needed to put a credit card in there now. It was like a
Galaxy A10e: It was like a stumble on like, oh my god. So I texted my worker. I even drove down there, everything was closed.
Galaxy A10e: We're not supposed to leave either but I drove down there, because like I want to see my baby, it's been it's been too long. So, but I didn't let that get me down I text her. She's like it should be free.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I would let me try again. So I try to get an award.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. That's awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god, I'm so happy for you.
Galaxy A10e: I know am I my oldest daughter, my first baby. Can you see me yesterday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, she came up with four bags of her stuff.
Galaxy A10e: She had gotten ahead but in the face by that guy that she was with last week. And I said, I was like, dude, I want to walk with you to victim with this right now. You know, I mean, I was like that point.
Galaxy A10e: I'm like, no matter what. There should be no room for violence, ever. Yeah. I said, I'm not sure if I taught you kids out, but I know this now.
Galaxy A10e: There's no room for violence. So, but she snapped out of it. We got her stuff the job. My daughter was born back to close, but she just left her clothes here and then
Galaxy A10e: And they left but
Galaxy A10e: Go back to him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Yep. That is the important thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that I read an article that said, domestic violence is on the rise, with all of this.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, alcohol. Alcohol sales are up 49% yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because you know people are sitting at home. They don't have anything no job, nothing's restricting them from being able to you know indulge all day, all night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh wait.
Galaxy A10e: Like he he worked at McDonald's and he still has a job.
Galaxy A10e: And so I haven't drink, not one draw. Good. I got
Galaxy A10e: To
Meet you
Galaxy A10e: I know I ordered my books from women for sobriety and they still have a game.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it makes sense since everything is backed up and they're limiting you know deliveries of things and you know it's just it's a mess, you know,
It'll be there.
Galaxy A10e: Maybe I should just call him check on the order
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you can track it to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, send me an email with a tracking number in it. You can go to depending on how they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Shifted they shipped it through the post office. You can track it through the post office ups you can track it through ups you know that
I wanted
Galaxy A10e: That way you don't
Galaxy A10e: Get them from the post office. I know where they're at.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you've got them.
Galaxy A10e: I got they didn't know cut through ups yet but I keep kicking. Remember to check my email every morning. It's just like messages you know messages, check your phone you check your email.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: So I'm going to check that every morning and we got this new phone. So I should have any mess up and hopefully my workbooks coming soon.
Galaxy A10e: So other than that, I mean like he just a taste Wednesday, so he has go back goes back to work for his five days and that Easter Sunday. I'm thinking
Galaxy A10e: Instead of this year, I said again candy. I got a flower pot with with we're going to grow flowers, you know, each kid. Yeah. And I got all different colored flowers. Me and check, you're going to do our nails all different colors with those little press on ones, but that's cool.
Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: And then I got I'm going to get them a stuffed animal. So they have something for comfort at night and then something to grow during the day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's really cool.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, to be awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is, do you get to see them, but
Galaxy A10e: I know, but I could see him on the phone like hopefully
Galaxy A10e: Okay, please. I'll accept the phone call on Easter from me.
Galaxy A10e: I get home.
Galaxy A10e: So far, we got the Skype number for
Galaxy A10e: A Jeffrey, and felt I could talk to any hat.
Galaxy A10e: It's just I got to get I'll have a video call with quinoa tonight. My grandson, and then I'm going to ask her if I can please call him on Easter course.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Galaxy A10e: Stuff. I think I'm just gonna say, hey, do I checked on groceries groceries on Saturday and meet us at the grocery store and pick up my you know gift for my kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's really cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See, you're finding you're finding alternative ways to be able to, you know, work with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The scenario. And what's going on. And that's vitally important right now, you know, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you stay out of your head and you stay focused on what you're doing in any means possible. So it's amazing to me that you're actually you're doing it and you're finding alternative ways. I can't believe Easter Sunday. I didn't know that.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, every like they're like, are you going to use just take advantage of the coronavirus and just, you know, use only know. Are you kidding me. I'm like, oh my god, no.
Galaxy A10e: No, I'd rather just push forward, I have to because I'm white, I'm older. So as Stover. I'm not going to have those
Galaxy A10e: A couple weeks to get, you know, to get whatever, if I were to use right now. I'm not going to get those couple weeks to get straight again there was that open everything up. Open who I think the third quarter gonna be this. Okay, I better be ready.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I agree.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're doing so awesome. Who are you,
Galaxy A10e: Know, I feel like
Galaxy A10e: A bunch of weight, but
Galaxy A10e: But that's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you know, when you first get sober and you quit doing math that's exactly what happens. You know, you've your body starts you start when you're when you're high and so when you're sober.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your body's saying, hey, you know what, I better hold it, because I don't know when I'm going to eat again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, but it levels out after a while, you know, so
Galaxy A10e: I just eat the right foods.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Galaxy A10e: So I made from potatoes. This morning, but that's only because we have any friends. He knows a long time.
Galaxy A10e: So I just made basic problems with onions and I just, you know, I like a scoop and a half, which is, you know, that's good enough. Not that I drink a bunch of water. So now I just love nothing for you know like kill probably after like the shine, because we just easily
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what, it's I wanted to tell you, too, that when you're using UK people can see it in your face right in your demeanor and how you react and respond to things. But when you're sober. It's like you get your glow back
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And people see that too, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they can tell that you're trying to do the right thing. And so, you know, I just want to let you know that that when all this is over with and and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You start getting, you know, crazy appointments and busy and court and everything else. Every single person that you come in contact with is going to know just looking at you, that you stayed sober through this whole thing.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah member, remember what they said. They said, Whoa, it's amazing how different you guys look when you're over and I said, why
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. Wait, and there's like no, you guys are glowing
Galaxy A10e: Like, wow, really. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just kind of get the light back, you know, using kind of deadens
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, a lot of that.
Galaxy A10e: Way. Yeah, your spirit or whatever, all your earnest and all your
Galaxy A10e: Your you. Yeah, I get that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so it's awesome to be able to see it. And you know what the rest of it will fall in line and and get better, along with time. You just got to keep doing the next right thing. I'm so proud of you. You've got to know that so proud of you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's almost like for me it feels like a win.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, she's doing it.
Galaxy A10e: Because I know
Galaxy A10e: I was telling him, I was like, I can't imagine what they think, you know, they haven't seen my therapist appointment.
Galaxy A10e: But I call to make sure that I'm like can you just put it on a phone and I called Friday. I'm like, just let him know I'm not gonna be able to see them on the phone that they could call the house phone down there.
Galaxy A10e: Well, but I can't video or talk to anybody. So, just please let them know that you might medication, but I'll see them next week, everybody.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did their
Galaxy A10e: Number.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't, I didn't absolutely did not. And I didn't get the message or the number so I'm glad that you came in today. They
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: filled my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They filled my schedule up with bio psychosocial is before I had a chance to fill it with my regular people. So you came in at a perfect time, you know,
Galaxy A10e: Oh, cool.
Galaxy A10e: I'll do my survey early and all that.
Galaxy A10e: But that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, totally. You know you came in at a complete perfect time, it works.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what tell me what books that you got
Galaxy A10e: I got the member that beginners special. I told you I wanted to buy
Galaxy A10e: But I couldn't afford at that time I got we look
Galaxy A10e: I'll tell you exactly what was it,
Galaxy A10e: Like right here.
Galaxy A10e: There was
Galaxy A10e: Okay, the beginner special was
Galaxy A10e: Oh, I have an order number. Cool. I'm going to just call it daughter number
Galaxy A10e: I didn't know I wrote that down.
Galaxy A10e: You
Galaxy A10e: Ever get me like crazy, but my daughter Albuquerque said, even though that
Galaxy A10e: She knows everything he wants to save course you have the core, but when she gets in there. She freezes. So I said, You know what, start writing it down.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, everything that I've already heard her say I'm like, Whoa, I'm like, I'm like, You need to go to court, you would if you could talk to the judge on the side or but I would be, it would be better for him to. She's like, I'm gonna write it down and read it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, so there should be four books and at that beginning packet
Galaxy A10e: It's called the
Galaxy A10e: Beginner special. I'm not sure.
Galaxy A10e: I know the other reflection on for growth that's 2499 so I didn't get that one yet but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: But there's daily wines and then I've been waking up reading that one thing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Daily meditations. Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: I pick one of these are all written down. I'll pretty good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's so
Galaxy A10e: Yeah yeah
Galaxy A10e: And then my other side my journal. I haven't tried to keep it a daily journal
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I was what I was depressed. There was like a week and a half, where I did not write it at all. So that must be the days that I'm just depressed or whatever because I don't I don't write it. Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: I realized that to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's kind of amazing when you start logging yourself, your behaviors, your emotions, you know, and exactly find out what where you're at that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, you can see you can see the kind of the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The way that it goes yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The long as I'm doing it.
Galaxy A10e: And I read it, I read what I wrote the right before I didn't write it and it was way low and depressing like whoa, like I was really so low that day. So, and then I obviously did right now, for we can have so
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Started back up a week ago. So I'm just gonna try I pay attention to those. I got to catch him before, because that's like assigned to reap almost relapse. So I need to
Galaxy A10e: Get yeah and yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And honing hone in on on, you know, getting your butt to a meeting to talk to somebody to, you know what I mean, getting
Galaxy A10e: Up to that meeting.
Galaxy A10e: I haven't done that yet.
That's okay.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, I think I make sure my dog my dog can get out of the cage. He's escape artist.
Galaxy A10e: No, really, is so
Galaxy A10e: Ever since she was a puppy escape.
Galaxy A10e: It so. Oh no, he's out until all the other dogs are barking, it's gonna
Galaxy A10e: You know attack him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh no, that's funny. What kind of dog easy
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I got, I've got this paper up here for my daughter that she wrote me about integrity.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and
Galaxy A10e: What it means so i just i keep little notes around like that she you know sentence like that one, that she wrote us, me and her dad I kept workbook and I'm just trying to
Galaxy A10e: You know, get boring at home. I didn't realize I'm always on top worried me but he is totally bored.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, like, he's like, why are you know we're still here. He'd rather to sleep, but you got a 7am this morning with me.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah it all already tired. I was like, I'm not gonna lay down to potatoes. I told we should take a walk and
Galaxy A10e: You know, stretch out a little bit and then come back and hopefully I won't be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially with the sun out now. Right now, I mean, it's been raining and nasty all weekend. You know what I mean. So, be able to have some sun.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get out. Get some vitamin D. And yeah, you know, which is awesome. It helps with mood, it helps with depression. You know, it helps with all of that stuff just going in sitting in the sun.
Galaxy A10e: though. Yeah. Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, used to be really dark, I would even notice in the kids, they were really dark room like what right when we came for reading
Galaxy A10e: Dark
Galaxy A10e: All of them were
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, yep. It's kind of amazing how much you know something so simple helps us in some
Galaxy A10e: Way that I figured the house.
Galaxy A10e: Maybe lighten up so that's good. She got a little bit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just let them. But, you know, let the rays kind of hit a little bit. It kind of fills up your tank for your vitamin D.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which helps with your depression.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, that's what it does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm very proud of you. You have to know that. Thank you, you know,
Galaxy A10e: The baby like it's Monday, Wednesday, Friday at eight o'clock 830 in the morning. So I'm like, yes, I don't doubt it will be just like the pusher every day.
Galaxy A10e: Like to see his baby face in the morning, that's just gonna be like my morning you know i mean
Galaxy A10e: Oh, it's gonna be awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Morning motivation. Yeah, it says around. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really good. All right. Well, I'm gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: let you go. I have another bio cycle coming in 10 minutes. But thank you for checking in and you'll be in group this week.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, I'll be I'll be on Friday. I'll be with Dr. Yes, I will.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, awesome. And if you need anything, don't hesitate to call you know the virtual clinic and get me back on the phone, between now and then. OK.
Galaxy A10e: OK, I just need to see if they're gonna say my description was only 16. And so that was not until today.
Galaxy A10e: I figured they were just trying to get me to come to you as today, which
Galaxy A10e: I know, really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see it. You, you go through. Dr. PACHTER huh, yeah. All right. That's what I got.
Galaxy A10e: Let me see. Yeah, I got picked up on Sunday.
Galaxy A10e: Because I called Saturday, and I didn't get a message back and I was like, Oh, it was too late to go you Dante's phone I finally just even then called Sunday morning early
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, let me get them on the wire and and get this fixed for you. Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Okay, great.
Galaxy A10e: So all that to more for today. So like for today. And then, so I've known for my brother pick him up good you know tomorrow, first thing tomorrow morning, or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Okay, so let me um
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He needs a refill, please. Okay.
Galaxy A10e: You live in a boat, as it will our motorhome
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I just moved into one actually
Galaxy A10e: Okay, good. You have the same where they call these two years above me the same pattern. Wait. Well, we have a living room, anyway.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ok ok I just sent out for them to to Dr. Proctor and to Danielle about getting your prescription refilled okay and that you came up with being group and I will see you in group on Friday and enjoy that, son.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Enjoy this time where you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'm looking forward to going through your books with you.
Galaxy A10e: You know, yeah, I know it's gonna be cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very awesome okay i will see you in two days.
Galaxy A10e: Okay, bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Bye bye.